Damn stinky pussy
I will fucking kill you today
No, take me away
Brat wants to live
Put it down for me
You can try to stop it.
What's going on?
Boss, he is Fuji Yang Tiezhu Yang Tiezhu
Oh, Yang Tae-ju.
Why are you free to come here today?
The vice president did it
I don't want to live anymore
Vice President
Oops Vice President
The little one just now is blind to Mount Tai
Don't take it personally.
I am guilty of all sins
Clean up people
Vice President
physical examination
Bajie
Not sure
Say
Everything has been taken care of
The administrator said that the reason why he drugged Miss Su
I was threatened by Miss Song
Song Qingqing
That's great.